(Episode 28)
Among all the confiscated items, the bottle that had poison...
turned out to be the finalizing evidence for the case.
But Myung Yi Suk pleaded innocent until the end.
What did Myung Yi Suk say about the bottle?
He said it's nonsense.
He said the prosecutor manipulated this.
Manipulate?
We can fudge your grades on your report cards.
Gosh, my dad is a cop.
We can make sure it's not that obvious.
Do you think...
a prosecutor or an inspector can manipulate confiscated goods?
It's horrible.
Is such fabrication even possible?
Prosecutors have the power and means to do it.
Who went for the confiscations?
It's Mr. Choi.
If it was manipulated,
it's either Lawyer Lee or Mr. Choi.
If it was manipulated, it must have been Lawyer Lee.
Mr. Choi would never do that.
We're still investigating. You can't be sure of anything.
- Excuse me. - Yes, sir.
Please contact general affairs, get Mr. Choi's personnel records,
and make copies for me.
If I get caught, I have to tell the police about your manipulation.
Will it be okay?
Let's meet up. Where shall we meet up?
(Hae Kwang Law Firm)
Meet me at 9pm in your office.
You're here.
How is your investigation going?
It's going well.
How about you, Mr. Choi? Any updates on the arsonist?
It's more difficult that I thought.
Mr. Choi, didn't you see the arsonist that night?
No, I didn't. I reached there after the fire.
Do you remember what Mr. Choi said to me that night?
He knew we went there separately.
If you got there after the fire started,
how did you know that Hong Joo and I went there separately?
I just...
I just guessed.
How did you know that we were there?
It was coincidental. I was passing through.
Mr. Choi.
It's just... How shall I put this?
It was like I received a telepathic message.
I could tell you were in danger.
I have super power with me.
Maybe it's because I went to school near Miari Ridge.
What brought you here at this hour?
I have something to ask you about the arson incident.
First, take this. I meant to give it to you, but I kept forgetting.
I found your power bank.
You left your power bank in my car. The red one.
Isn't this yours? It's red.
It's mine. The red one.
Thank you.
What do you want to ask?
Didn't you say you arrested the guy who got killed by the arsonist?
Yes.
How many gas stations have we visited?
This is the 36th one.
Hello.
Aren't you going home, sir?
I have a consultation with my client.
- You can leave first. - Yes, sir.
Prosecutors and police are looking for the arsonist for days,
but they haven't caught him yet.
I've been digging everywhere, but I haven't had much progress.
I'm hoping for a glimmer of hope.
Was there anything you noticed when you arrested Jo Yoon Pyo?
Well...
For someone with 10,000 dollars in cash,
his clothes seemed shabby.
What else?
And the bag that had cash...
What's with the bag?
It's here. June 22nd. 10 litres of gasoline.
He bought the whole bottle.
- Nice! - Got it!
Did he buy in cash or credit card?
He paid in cash.
Do you remember how he looked and dressed?
I'm here.
Goodness, your law firm is nice!
You have to treat me.
If I get caught, will you lose all of this?
(Someone who has a lot also has a lot to lose.)
Someone who has a lot...
also has a lot to lose.
That bag...
seemed like a woman's.
A woman's bag?
It wasn't a man.
It was a woman on a bicycle.
- A woman? - A woman?
You sent me the text?
Yes.
You seem surprised.
What a nice office.
I checked on our age, and it turned out we're the same age.
Can I speak casually?
You won many prizes.
Let's sit, and talk.
Shall we?
What was with the texts?
Why did you look for me?
Haven't you guessed by now?
You are smart.
No!
I have no clue.
It's not that you're curious. You just want to make sure.
It's just as what the texts say.
I have killed almost 20 people.
But because of you, I didn't go to prison yet.
I really...
appreciate what you did.
If the real criminal is a woman, it must be her.
Ha Ju Won, 34 years old.
Who is that woman?
She was a long-term patient at the ward where the incident occurred.
A patient with Crohn's disease.
But she was also admitted in the same room...
as the other eight victims.
So she wasn't on the list of suspects because she was a patient?
You're right. When the victims were all killed,
Ha Ju Won was also ill.
And so she was classified as one of the victims.
Why would a patient kill the other patients?
Because it's so unfair.
I had to remove my intestines and stomach.
I had so many operations done...
for so many years, but I didn't get better.
But everyone else got better.
Some even left in a few days.
Then they told me...
I'm so sorry for the young woman.
You'll get better soon. Cheer up.
They were saying all sorts of nonsense.
So you killed all of them?
Do you think your reason can justify what you did?
No, it can't.
I was on my deathbed.
I gave up everything.
"If I get caught, then I'll just get caught."
"If they punish me, let them punish me."
I've been thinking like that.
But...
the prosecutor caught someone else.
Are you saying it was me?
Then I thought,
for the first time in my life,
I have something called hope.
The one who gave me hope is you, Lee Yu Beom.
And I hope...
that you...
will remain my only hope until the end.
So have you put Ha Ju Won on the wanted list?
Yes, but she hasn't come home for a very long time.
It's quite hard to trace her because she's using burner phones.
All her records of credit cards and bus cards are gone after the arson.
It means she'll run away until the end.
She can only run away for a few days these days.
She was on the run for over a year.
She'd think it'll work this time as well.
So Lawyer Lee, make another miracle happen.
Give me hope, will you?
I can't listen to you anymore.
When did I become hope to trash like you?
Why am I trash?
Because you killed people!
What can I do now?
It already happened.
Yes.
It's sad.
But whoever is alive must go on.
Who would benefit from finding out I was the real culprit?
To the family of the victims, Myung Yi Suk's a piece of trash,
and that piece of trash died.
That would have been a comfort, but what if I suddenly appear?
It will break their hearts.
And what about Myung Yi Suk's son?
He'll go mad if he finds out his dad was innocent.
And you...
What will you do then?
Shut your mouth.
I was very shocked to hear the news...
that bottles of medication were found in Myung Yi Suk's office.
32 bottles of...
It must have made you anxious.
It was so obvious that Myung Yi Suk was the criminal.
No direct evidence was found.
The media kept questioning the prosecutors' competence.
And you manipulated the confiscated bottles as Myung Yi Suk's.
Is that right? Am I right?
The bottles were already in there.
Then why would you call me a killer?
If the bottles were found there, Myung Yi Suk is the murderer.
Why would you call me trash?
Tell me.
Now you get it, right?
If anything goes wrong with me,
same goes for you too.
But don't worry.
The people who know that this was manipulated...
are just you and me.
There were 3 of us, but I got rid of him.
"Got rid of"?
You saw the news on the container arson, right?
You did that?
Someone who knew our story was living there.
He was taciturn.
But he unluckily got involved with the police.
You were here?
Yes. The door was open.
Aren't you overdoing it with the gloves?
Being hot is better than being in a danger.
I took care of your cellphone.
I threw it in Han River.
I haven't said anything to the police.
Young Pyo.
Thank you.
I took care of all the dirty deeds.
You take care of it from now on.
The bereaved, Myung Yi Suk's son, you, and me.
Let us all be in peace.
You know the meaning of conceal, right?
[VIU Ver] E28 While You Were Sleeping "Catch Me If You Can"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Now you know it. If something goes wrong with me,
the same goes for you too.
I heard the actual criminal is not Myung Yi Suk.
But don't worry. The only people who know it was manipulated...
are you and me.
Our reporting department has made a new task force on Myung Yi Suk's.
You know the meaning of conceal, right?
I have to find a way out of this.
(Notice on electricity checkup: Power will be out on June 28.)
You think too long.
What now?
Will you take me as your client?
Before that,
you missed one thing.
What is it?
We aren't the only two people who know about the manipulation.
There are three of us.
Who is it?
Mr. Choi, what do you want?
Hyang Mi, you're the only one who truly thinks about me.
A good girl indeed.
Give me the meat.
I know, right? I'm so pretty and kind.
Can't I have someone like Lieutenant Han as a prize?
Don't say like that. To him, that's a punishment.
Give me that.
Give me.
So Prosecutor Lee and Prosecutor Jung both think that...
the IV drip serial murder case was manipulated?
Yes.
The case was investigated by Lawyer Lee and Mr. Choi.
So the two of them manipulated?
- No... - That's what Prosecutor Lee thinks.
But Prosecutor Jung keeps denying that Mr. Choi would have done it.
Over 10 people died. If it was manipulated,
so many will get hurt.
That's why Prosecutor Jung is more desperate for this case.
To protect Mr. Choi.
You have an interview?
Yes, I have an interview with the victims' families of serial murder.
You said you'll write fairly. Am I right?
I request for an interview at 8pm in my office.
So many interviews for me.
Lawyer Lee wants an interview.
He was the prosecutor for the IV drip serial murder case, right?
Yes.
If there's a real criminal somewhere else,
it means the investigation had some blind spots.
- Go dig it out. - Yes, sir.
Will it rain today?
No, there's only five percent of rain probability.
Okay, I'll be right back.
Prosecutor Lee, copies of Mr. Choi's personnel record are here.
Why did you do that?
Where is Prosecutor Lee?
Did Prosecutor Lee ask you to photocopy these?
Yes.
He's being too harsh.
Can he find out if he manipulated looking at these records?
What? What? What's wrong?
I can look into it, can't I?
Mr. Choi was a policeman before?
Yes, that's why he's good at crime scenes.
Ill Yoo Police Station...
Why? Do you know the place?
My father used to work there.
They worked at the same time?
Yes, it is.
What a coincidence.
It can't be...
Mr. Choi!
He's not here. He resigned.
What are you talking about? He resigned?
When I came back from lunch,
he turned in his resignation.
I stopped him and asked if he won't say goodbye to Prosecutor Jung.
He said it will be hard seeing your face. He wrote a letter and left.
Dear Prosecutor Jung. I did not manipulate anything.
Lawyer Lee will say the same thing.
It's obvious that the two of us will deny the manipulation.
What we both plead doesn't mean anything.
So don't bother thinking for me or others.
Reinvestigate this case fairly.
I'll prove my innocence my way.
Thank you for everything.
(From Choi Dam Dong)
He's so harsh quitting like this.
What shall we do?
(Prosecutor Jung Jae Chan)
Is it Jae Chan?
He's calling for the investigation.
Is he bothering you over the IV drip case?
I'm being suspected.
It will be hard for you to work on your own when it gets serious.
My law firm will help you.
It's reassuring.
Hyang Mi, don't mention about his resignation to anybody.
Mr. Choi did not quit. You understand?
He's still not picking up the phone.
I think I will go to his place.
Yes, call me when you meet him. Don't let him go anywhere.
Yes, sir.
(Mr. Choi, I'll be waiting for you at the office.)
Thank you for the meal today.
Take good care of yourself.
I have to go now. Call me next time.
(Prosecutor Jung: Please call me.)
(Nam Hong Joo)
Hello, Hong Joo. I'm in my office.
I told the front desk about your visit. You can just come up.
(Notice: Electricity checkup)
You're here.
Yes, what are you doing?
I'm working on the investigation for the IV drip case.
It's hard to remember a case from last year,
so I'm trying to write up a file in hopes that I can organize my thoughts.
Please sit, and wait.
Sure.
Will you give me that data?
Of course, I'm making it for you.
Press release?
Are you sharing it with other places too?
No, you're the first to get it.
I haven't called the others yet.
Just because you're giving me an exclusive,
I can't promise I'll be kind.
Of course.
Today's the electricity checkup. All power will be out shortly.
I have an appointment with Lawyer Lee.
I'll make it short. We'll talk very briefly.
No!
After I administer this, you won't be able to breathe.
Then in five minutes, you'll die as though you're falling asleep.
Jae Chan. Did you hear me?
Please.
Hong Joo. Pick up the phone. Please!
(Youngdeok Crab)
The third one who knows about it besides us...
is her?
Yes.
(Little Pup)
- Hello? - I just dreamt that...
Hong Joo got abducted.
- Abducted? - Abducted?
What are you saying? Who is it?
That dream. A rainy day and a green umbrella.
When is it?
10:30pm, 15 minutes later.
Where is the place?
- You said some mountains, right? - It's not the mountains.
It's the rooftop of Hae Kwang Law Firm.
(While You Were Sleeping)